1
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
IN THE UPPER TRIBUNAL Appeal Nos. CJSA/2628/2017
ADMINISTRATIVE APPEALS CHAMBER
CJSA/1192/2019
On appeal from the First-tier Tribunal (Social Entitlement Chamber)
Between:
Q
Applicant
-vSecretary of State for Work and Pensions
Respondent
Before: Upper Tribunal Judge Poynter
Decision date: 13 February 2020
ORDER
Pursuant to rule 14(1) of the Tribunal Procedure (Upper Tribunal) Rules 2008, it is 
PROHIBITED for any person to disclose or publish any matter likely to lead 
members of the public to identify the appellant in these proceedings.
Failure to obey this Order may be a contempt of court and punishable by a fine or 
imprisonment
DECISION
The appeals to the Upper Tribunal succeed.
The decisions of the First-tier Tribunal on 15 June 2017 both involved the making of a 
material error on a point of law.
Those decisions are set aside.
I re-make the decisions in the following terms:
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
2
1. The appeals are allowed.
2. The decisions made by the Secretary of State on 19 and 20 November 
2013 are set aside.
3. The Secretary of State is directed to re-calculate Q’s entitlement to 
income-based jobseeker’s allowance, and the amount of any 
overpayment that is said to be recoverable, on the basis that:
(a) Q was not the beneficial owner of the sums standing to the credit 
of the Yorkshire Building Society Account (as defined in 
paragraph 31 of the Reasons below ) and therefore those sums do 
not fall to be taken into account as Q’s capital;
and that
(b) any capital possessed by Q, that was derived from a payment 
made in consequence of any personal injury to Q, fell to be 
disregarded during any period when it was held in a joint account.
4. If the Secretary of State considers that she is unable to carry out that 
recalculation on the basis of the information in paragraph 3 above, she 
may apply to the Upper Tribunal for further directions.
5. If Q takes the view that the Secretary of State has recalculated her 
entitlement incorrectly, she may apply to the Upper Tribunal to check 
the calculations.
6. If the recalculations disclose that Q has been overpaid JSA(IB) and 
there is a dispute as to whether all or part of that overpayment is 
recoverable, Q may apply for her appeal against the First-tier Tribunal’s 
overpayment decision to be restored and I, or, if I am not available, 
another Judge of the Upper Tribunal, will decide that dispute.
7. Any application under paragraph 5 or 6 above must be received by the 
Upper Tribunal no later than two months from the date on which the 
Secretary of State’s letter notifying Q of the recalculated amount—or, 
as the case may be, that the recalculations disclose the existence of a 
recoverable overpayment—was sent to her.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
3
REASONS
Confidentiality
1. Before the events that gave rise to these proceedings, the appellant, was awarded 
compensation by the High Court in proceedings that were subject to an Order providing 
for the most stringent confidentiality restrictions I have ever encountered. That Order
binds the appellant, as well as the defendants to her High Court claim and non-parties 
who become aware of it.
2. Under rule 14(1) of the Tribunal Procedure (Upper Tribunal) Rules 2008, I have 
power to make an order prohibiting the disclosure or publication of any matter likely to 
lead members of the public to identify any person whom the Upper Tribunal considers 
should not be identified.
3. I consider the appellant to be such a person because identifying her would 
probably breach the restrictions imposed by the High Court.
4. I have therefore made the Order set out above.
5. I have also directed that in these proceedings, the appellant should be referred to 
as “Q”. That is not the initial by which she was known in the High Court proceedings. It 
may or may not be one of her actual initials.
6. Finally, to minimise the risk that I may inadvertently say something that in fact 
tends to reveal Q’s identity, these reasons will include no unnecessary background 
detail. As a result, the parties may consider that I have oversimplified some matters 
(e.g., at paragraph 12 below) but I hope I have not failed to refer to anything essential.
Other preliminary matters
7. One of the effects of the confidentiality restrictions imposed by the High Court is 
that Q has not been able to show me the pleadings or the final order in her case. I 
therefore do not know the exact nature of her claim for compensation.
8. However, it is not in dispute—and in any event the First-tier Tribunal found as a 
fact—that the compensation Q received was for a personal injury. That conclusion is 
supported by the limited medical evidence that is available. That evidence also shows 
that the personal injury was to Q herself rather than to another person.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
4
Procedural history
9. Q received income-based jobseeker’s allowance ("JSA(IB)") from a date in 
January 2008 until a date in December 2010 ("Period 1") and again from a date in 
November 2011 to a date in April 2013 ("Period 2").
10. Throughout Period 1, and for at least the first five months, or so, of Period 2, Q
had capital in various bank accounts that exceeded either the upper JSA capital limit of 
£16,0001 or the lower limit of £6,000.
11. Unless that capital fell to be disregarded for JSA purposes, it would either (where it 
exceeded the upper limit) have excluded her from entitlement to JSA(IB) or (where it 
exceeded the lower limit but not the upper limit) have caused her weekly rate of that 
benefit to be reduced by the tariff income rule.2
12. Q did not declare that capital when she claimed JSA(IB).
13. However, the Department subsequently became aware of Q’s capital through the 
Generalised Matching Service and, on 19 November 2013, a decision-maker revised 
the decisions to award JSA so as to remove Q’s entitlement to JSA(IB) for the whole of 
both Period 1 and Period 2
14. Those decisions were notified to Q by a letter dated the following day, 20 
November 2013.
15. On the same day, a different decision-maker decided that Q had been overpaid 
£8,288.84 as JSA(IB) for Period 1 and £5,577.36 for Period 2, and that both those 
overpayments were recoverable from her because they had arisen in consequence of 
her misrepresentation of the material fact that she had capital in excess of the limits.
16. Q was notified of those decisions by two separate letters, also dated 20 November 
2013.
17. Q applied for “mandatory reconsideration” (technically, revision) of all four 
decisions but, on 18 March 2014, a third decision-make refused to revise them. Q then 
appealed to the First-tier Tribunal.
18. The interlocutory stage of the proceedings before the First-tier Tribunal took 
considerable time. There were reasons for the delay, but it is unnecessary for me to 
explain them here. There was a final hearing before a District Tribunal Judge and a
 
1 Jobseeker’s Allowance Regulations 1996, regulation 107.
2 Jobseeker’s Allowance Regulations 1996, regulation 116.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
5
financially qualified tribunal member (i.e., an accountant) on 6 June 2017, following 
which the Tribunal reserved its decision. Then, on 15 June 2017 in a fully-reasoned 
decision notice,3
the Tribunal:
(a) refused the appeal against the entitlement decisions, thereby confirming that Q had 
not been entitled to JSA(IB) during Periods 1 and 2; and
(b) allowed the appeal against the overpayment decisions in part. Specifically, the 
Tribunal confirmed that:
(i) Q had been overpaid £8,288.84 for Period 1 and £5,577.36 for Period 2;
and that
(ii) the full amount of the overpayment for Period 2 was recoverable from Q;
but that
(iii) only £7,580.02 of the overpayment for Period 1 was recoverable, because 
the Department conceded that it could not prove that Q had misrepresented 
the level of her capital in her original, January 2008, claim form but only from 
a later date in July 2008.
19. The District Tribunal Judge who had presided over the Tribunal refused Q 
permission to appeal to the Upper Tribunal on 14 August 2017. However, I gave 
permission following a hearing at which Q was present and accompanied by her 
mother.
20. In the light of observations I made in the written notice of that decision, the 
Secretary of State’s representative now supports the appeal.
The First-tier Tribunal’s decision
21. On the question of whether Q had been entitled to JSA(IB), the Tribunal stated (at 
paragraph ix):
“The Tribunal found these statements about her capital [i.e., the 
statements that Q had made in her claim forms] were untrue. [Q] 
 
3
i.e., a decision notice which was also a written statement of reasons for the decision within 
rule 34(2)(b) of the Tribunal Procedure (First-tier Tribunal) (Social Entitlement Chamber) 
Rules 2008
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
6
confirmed in oral evidence that she had had capital in excess of 
£16,000 when she made the statements. This was corroborated by the 
documentary evidence. [Q] had received compensation as a result of a 
personal injury claim.”
There then followed detailed findings as to the amount of Q’s capital at various dates 
that were relevant to the decision, which I will omit for the reasons given at paragraph 6 
above. To summarise, the Tribunal found that, as at each such date, Q’s capital 
exceeded £16,000. The statement of reasons then continues:
“During the periods of the overpayments, the sums had not been placed 
in a personal injury trust. [Q’s] oral evidence was that the sums had 
been accumulated for the most part [,] not spent. She accepted that she 
had [a sum substantially in excess of £16,000] at the time of her claims 
for Jobseeker’s Allowance. An examination of the bank account 
evidence produced by the Respondent shows the sums as part of the 
Personal Injury compensation being received into an account in [Q’s] 
sole name [which the Tribunal identified by the last four digits of its 
account number]. Money was subsequently moved around between 
accounts, and [Q’s] evidence was that this was done in cooperation with 
her father who assisted to place the money in accounts where interest 
earned could be maximised. There was no evidence to indicate that [Q] 
ceased to be beneficially entitled to the money moved around in this 
way. The Tribunal found that [Q] had received and possessed in excess 
of £16,000 from a date at least 52 weeks before she made her claim for 
Jobseeker’s Allowance in 2008, and that remained the case when she 
made her further claim in 2011 and therefore that capital fell to be taken 
into account.”
22. The rest of the written statement of reasons is taken up with an explanation of why 
the overpayment was recoverable and the amount of the recoverable overpayment.
23. On the view I take of the matter (see paragraph 50 below) , it is not yet clear
whether Q has been overpaid JSA(IB). It is therefore unnecessary at this stage to 
summarise the Tribunal’s reasons for deciding that any overpayment was recoverable. I 
should, however, say that the statement does not consider whether Secretary of State 
had complied with section 71(5A) of the Social Security Administration Act 1992. That is 
unfortunate because that issue is clearly apparent from the circumstances set out in 
paragraphs 13 to 16 above. If the Secretary of State has not complied with section 
71(5A), then no recoverable overpayment has yet arisen.
24. However, as that issue only arises if the recalculations I have directed in 
paragraph 3 of the re-made decision above show that Q has been overpaid benefit, I 
propose to say no more about it at present: see further paragraphs 54 and 55 below.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
7
Where the First-tier Tribunal went wrong
25. The Tribunal made a number of material errors of law. I will deal with them in 
increasing order of importance.
The amount of any overpayment
26. As mentioned above, the Tribunal accepted a concession by the Department that 
the full overpayment for Period 1 was not recoverable because it could not be 
established that Q had misrepresented the level of her capital when she first claimed 
but only from a later date. On that basis, the Tribunal held that only £7,580.02 of the 
total overpayment for Period 1 was recoverable from Q.
27. The problem with that is that, on the Department’s own figures, she had only been 
paid £7,557.60 in JSA(IB) for that period: the calculation is set out in my grant of 
permission to appeal and it is unnecessary for me to reproduce it here.
28. For any given period, it is not possible for a claimant to have been overpaid more 
than she was paid. Therefore the overpayment could not have been £7,580.02: it could 
not possibly have been more than £7,557.60.
29. The Tribunal’s conclusion to the contrary is a material error of law.
30. It is surprising that the point was apparently lost on a tribunal that included a 
financial member, even after Q had expressly raised it.
The amount of Q’s capital
31. When calculating Q’s capital, the Tribunal took into account the very substantial 
sums standing to the credit of a joint account with the Yorkshire Building Society ("the 
Yorkshire Building Society Account"), which is specified in my grant of permission to 
appeal.
32. However:
(a) Q gave evidence that the money in that account was not hers; and
(b) The presenting officer at the hearing expressly accepted on behalf of the 
Secretary of State that the Yorkshire Building Society Account was not Q’s and 
that acceptance was recorded in the record of proceedings; and
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
8
(c) The papers included a letter dated 14 April 2015 from the Yorkshire Building 
Society to Q, which was stated to relate to the relevant account, and continued in 
the following terms:
“Thank you for your recent enquiry. I can confirm that the account 
number referenced is not an account that has ever been held in your 
name either jointly or solely.”
(d) There was no evidence to the contrary.
33. The Tribunal stated (at paragraph xxii) that a specified sum of money used by Q to 
purchase her home was transferred from the Yorkshire Building Society Account which 
it described as “an account in joint names (including [Q])” to an account in her sole 
name immediately before being withdrawn to make the purchase”. The finding that Q 
was one of the names on the Yorkshire Building Society Account was contrary to all the 
evidence and also the express concession made by the presenting officer. It was a 
finding of fact for which there was no evidence and, therefore, an error of law.
34. That error is material. The schedule of capital shows that, if the amount credited to 
the Yorkshire Building Society Account is removed from the calculation, Q’s capital fell 
below £6,000 on a date in March 2012. That would mean that—even ignoring what I say 
below about personal injury trusts—Q was not disentitled to JSA from approximately 
that date and had not been overpaid JSA thereafter.
35. At the hearing, Q’s mother told me that the Yorkshire Building Society Account 
was a joint account in her name and that of her late husband, Q’s father. They had 
transferred the money to Q’s sole account to enable her to buy her flat. As part of remaking the decision, I accept that evidence. Q was not possessed of the money in the 
Yorkshire Building Society Account until the day she received it and, later the same day, 
she used it to buy the home in which she lives, an asset that was disregarded as 
capital.4
It follows that the money in the Yorkshire Building Society Account should 
never have been treated as capital for the purposes of her entitlement to JSA(IB).
Conclusion
36. For all those reasons, and also because of what I say below about personal injury 
trusts, the First-tier Tribunal’s decisions were in error of law. I exercise my discretion 
under section 12(8)(a) of the Tribunals, Courts and Enforcement Act 2007 to set them 
aside.
 
4 Jobseeker’s Allowance Regulations 1996, Schedule 8, paragraph 1.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
9
37. Having done so, I must next decide whether to re-make the decisions myself or 
remit the case to the First-tier Tribunal. I have decided to take the former course. Given 
what I say below about trusts of personal injury compensation, what is needed is for the 
Secretary of State to recalculate the level of Q’s capital on correct legal principles, not 
further proceedings before the First-tier Tribunal.
“Personal injury trusts”
38. The Tribunal recorded at paragraph iv of the written statement of reasons that:
“The relevant law in relation to the appeals is set out at section 5 of the 
Respondent’s submission, and is not repeated here.”
39. Section 5 of the response in both appeals stated that:
“The disputed decision was made in accordance with the following 
Acts and Regulations
Section 134(1) of the Contributions and Benefits Act 1992
Section 13(1) of the Jobseekers Act
Regulations 107, 108, 111 and 113 of the Jobseeker’s Allowance 
Regulations 1996” (original emphasis)
40. However, as the Tribunal found at paragraph ix, the source of Q’s capital was that 
she “had received compensation as a result of a personal injury claim”. In those 
circumstances, paragraph 17 of Schedule 8 to the Jobseeker’s Allowance Regulations 
1996 is also relevant.
41. Schedule 8 is a list of types of capital that are disregarded when a claimant’s capital 
is calculated for the purposes of JSA. Paragraph 17 contains the following item:
“17.—Where the funds of a trust are derived from a payment made in
consequence of any personal injury to the claimant or the claimant’s 
partner, the value of the trust fund and the value of any right to receive 
any payment under that trust”
42. What the Tribunal said about this is quoted under paragraph 21 above. For 
present purposes, the two most important sentences in that passage are as follows:
“… During the periods of the overpayments, the sums had not been 
placed in a personal injury trust. … There was no evidence to indicate 
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
10
that the appellant ceased to be beneficially entitled to the money moved 
around in this way. … .”
43. It is notable that paragraph 17 does not require the trust to be in any particular 
form. It does not require the existence of something called a “personal injury trust”, or 
even that there be an express trust. It applies whenever the funds of “a trust” are 
derived from compensation for personal injury.
44. The Tribunal’s finding that Q did not cease to be beneficially entitled to the 
compensation she received was plainly correct.
45. But on that basis, the Tribunal’s decision must be legally incorrect because the 
undisputed evidence shows that for at least some of the time, the vast bulk of Q’s 
personal injury compensation was held in accounts that Q held jointly with either her 
father or her mother.
46. Legally a bank account is a debt owed by the bank to the account holders (or vice 
versa where the account is overdrawn). It is what lawyers call a chose in action, i.e., a 
right to sue the bank for the debt.
47. The legal ownership of the debt was held jointly by Q and whichever one of her 
parents was also named on the account. They were the ones with the right to sue the 
bank if the debt were not repaid.
48. However, as the Tribunal held, the beneficial ownership of the money remained 
with Q.
49. The only mechanism capable of producing such a split between the legal and 
beneficial ownership is a trust. Given that Q and one of her parents were named on the 
account but the money in the account was Q’s alone, Q and the parent must have been 
jointly holding the capital represented by the account on a bare trust for Q in her sole 
capacity.
50. In those circumstances, the Tribunal should have held that paragraph 17 of 
Schedule 8 was satisfied to the extent that the money derived from Q’s personal injury 
compensation was held in a joint account. Its conclusion that paragraph 17 did not apply 
was wrong in law.
Concluding observations
51. I have therefore re-made the decisions as set out on page 2 above.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
11
52. I draw the Secretary of State’s attention to the fact, as I have set aside the 
Tribunal’s decision disentitling Q to benefit, her decision to award JSA(IB) for Period 2 
remains in force and will continue do so unless and until there are (or were) grounds to 
supersede the decision and terminate the award. If my understanding is correct, Period 
2 only came to an end because it was considered that Q had excess capital. If so, the 
recalculations directed above will need to address whether Q had a continuing 
entitlement to JSA(IB) after the end of Period 2 as well as during the periods that have 
been in dispute in these proceedings.
53. If Q wishes to have the Upper Tribunal check the Secretary of State’s 
recalculations under paragraph 5 of the re-made decision, she should write to the Upper 
Tribunal enclosing a copy of the letter from the Secretary of State telling Q the 
recalculated amount; and explaining why Q does not agree with the Secretary of State’s
calculations.
54. I have set aside the Tribunal’s decision as to the recoverability of the alleged 
overpayments. However, as I have neither re-decided that issue myself, nor directed the 
Secretary of State to do so, I remain seised of the issue.
55. It may be that the recalculations I have directed will show that Q has not been 
overpaid. And if there is an overpayment, it may be that Q will not dispute that it is 
recoverable. If, however, Q does dispute the existence or amount of a recoverable 
overpayment, her appeal against the decision in SC921/14/0114 may be restored for a 
further Upper Tribunal decision. To do that, Q should, again, write to the Upper Tribunal 
enclosing a copy of the Secretary of State’s letter and explaining why Q does not accept 
that any overpayment is recoverable.
56. Finally, I should record that I have seen correspondence in which the Department 
have suggested that Q appealed to the Upper Tribunal against a third decision of the 
First-tier Tribunal that was made on 8 June 2018 (I do not quote the reference for the 
reasons given at paragraph 6 above). That is not correct. The decision dated 8 June 
2018 was in Q’s favour and gave her everything she could have obtained from the 
proceedings. She would have had no reason to appeal against it and she did not do so. 
Neither did the Secretary of State.
Q v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
12
57. I can confirm that the Upper Tribunal has the First-tier Tribunal’s file for that case 
as part of the background to these appeals. However I repeat that no appeal has been 
made to the Upper Tribunal against the decision of the First-tier Tribunal dated 8 June 
2018. If that decision has not yet been implemented, it should be implemented now.
Signed (on the original)
on 13 February 2020
Richard Poynter
Judge of the Upper Tribunal

اما پول موجود در حساب فقط متعلق به Q بوده است، Q و والدین باید به طور مشترک سرمایه‌ای را که توسط حساب به عنوان امانت برای Q به تنهایی نگهداری می‌شد، در اختیار داشته باشند.

50. در آن شرایط، دادگاه باید رأی می‌داد که بند 17 از ضمیمه 8 تا حدی که پول حاصل از غرامت آسیب شخصی Q در یک حساب مشترک نگهداری می‌شد، رعایت شده است. نتیجه‌گیری آن مبنی بر اینکه بند 17 اعمال نمی‌شود، از نظر قانونی اشتباه بود.

ملاحظات پایانی

51. بنابراین، من تصمیمات را همانطور که در صفحه 2 بالا ذکر شده است، دوباره اتخاذ کرده‌ام. Q v وزیر کار و بازنشستگی (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
11
52. توجه وزیر امور خارجه را به این واقعیت جلب می‌کنم که از آنجایی که تصمیم دادگاه مبنی بر عدم دریافت مزایا توسط Q را کنار گذاشته‌ام، تصمیم او مبنی بر اعطای JSA(IB) برای دوره 2 همچنان به قوت خود باقی است و تا زمانی که دلایلی برای لغو تصمیم و فسخ جایزه وجود داشته باشد (یا وجود داشته باشد) به قوت خود باقی خواهد ماند. اگر برداشت من درست باشد، دوره 2 فقط به این دلیل به پایان رسید که در نظر گرفته شد Q سرمایه اضافی دارد. در این صورت، محاسبات مجدد فوق باید به این موضوع بپردازد که آیا Q پس از پایان دوره 2 و همچنین در طول دوره‌هایی که در این دادرسی‌ها مورد اختلاف بوده‌اند، همچنان حق دریافت JSA(IB) را داشته است یا خیر. ۵۳. اگر Q مایل است که دادگاه عالی محاسبات وزیر امور خارجه را طبق بند ۵ تصمیم اصلاح‌شده بررسی کند، باید یک نسخه از نامه وزیر امور خارجه را که در آن مبلغ اصلاح‌شده به Q اطلاع داده شده است، به دادگاه عالی بنویسد و توضیح دهد که چرا Q با محاسبات وزیر امور خارجه موافق نیست.
۵۴. من تصمیم دادگاه در مورد قابلیت وصول مبالغ اضافی ادعایی را کنار گذاشته‌ام. با این حال، از آنجایی که من نه خودم در مورد این موضوع دوباره تصمیم گرفته‌ام و نه به وزیر امور خارجه دستور انجام این کار را داده‌ام، همچنان پیگیر این موضوع هستم.
۵۵. ممکن است محاسبات مجددی که من دستور داده‌ام نشان دهد که Q بیش از حد پرداخت نشده است. و اگر پرداخت بیش از حدی وجود داشته باشد، ممکن است Q در مورد قابل وصول بودن آن اختلاف نظر نداشته باشد. با این حال، اگر Q وجود یا میزان اضافه پرداخت قابل استرداد را مورد اعتراض قرار دهد، درخواست تجدیدنظر او علیه تصمیم SC921/14/0114 می‌تواند برای یک تصمیم دیگر دادگاه عالی بازگردانده شود. برای انجام این کار، Q باید دوباره به دادگاه عالی نامه بنویسد و یک نسخه از نامه وزیر امور خارجه را ضمیمه کند و توضیح دهد که چرا Q قبول نمی‌کند که هرگونه اضافه پرداختی قابل استرداد است.

56. در نهایت، باید ثبت کنم که مکاتباتی را دیده‌ام که در آن وزارتخانه
پیشنهاد کرده است که Q علیه تصمیم سوم دادگاه درجه یک که در 8 ژوئن 2018 گرفته شده بود، به دادگاه عالی اعتراض کرده است (من به دلایل ذکر شده در پاراگراف 6 بالا، مرجع را ذکر نمی‌کنم). این درست نیست. تصمیم مورخ 8 ژوئن 2018 به نفع Q بود و هر آنچه را که می‌توانست از روند دادرسی به دست آورد، به او داد. او هیچ دلیلی برای اعتراض به آن نداشت و این کار را نکرد. وزیر امور خارجه نیز چنین نکرد.

Q v وزیر امور کار و بازنشستگی (JSA)
[2020] UKUT 49 (AAC)
12
57. من می‌توانم تأیید کنم که دادگاه عالی، پرونده دادگاه درجه اول را برای آن پرونده به عنوان بخشی از پیشینه این تجدیدنظرخواهی‌ها در اختیار دارد. با این حال، تکرار می‌کنم که هیچ تجدیدنظرخواهی به دادگاه عالی علیه تصمیم دادگاه درجه اول مورخ 8 ژوئن 2018 ارائه نشده است. اگر آن تصمیم هنوز اجرا نشده است، باید اکنون اجرا شود.

امضا (روی نسخه اصلی)

در 13 فوریه 2020
ریچارد پوینتر
قاضی دادگاه عالی
