Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436 (1966), was a landmark decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in which the Court ruled that law enforcement in the United States must warn a person of their constitutional rights before interrogating them, or else the person's statements cannot be used as evidence at their trial. Specifically, the Court held that under the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, the government cannot use a person's statements made in response to an interrogation while in police custody as evidence at the person's criminal trial unless they can show that the person was informed of the right to consult with a lawyer before and during questioning, and of the right against self-incrimination before police questioning, and that the defendant not only understood these rights but also voluntarily waived them before answering questions.
Miranda was viewed by many as a radical change in American criminal law, since the Fifth Amendment was traditionally understood only to protect Americans against formal types of compulsion to confess, such as threats of contempt of court.[1] It has had a significant impact on law enforcement in the United States, by making what became known as the Miranda warning part of routine police procedure to ensure that suspects were informed of their rights, which would become known as "Miranda rights". The concept of "Miranda warnings" quickly caught on across American law enforcement agencies, who came to call the practice "Mirandizing".
Pursuant to the U.S. Supreme Court decision Berghuis v. Thompkins (2010), criminal suspects who are aware of their right to silence and to an attorney but choose not to "unambiguously" invoke them may find any subsequent voluntary statements treated as an implied waiver of their rights, and used as or as part of evidence.
Background
[edit]
Legal
[edit]
In 1951 Legal Aid in the United States, a report in the Survey of the Legal Profession series, was published by the American Bar Association. It identified large gaps in the availability of legal services in both civil and criminal cases for those unable to afford a lawyer. By the early 1960s, in response to the report, efforts by various bar associations to expand legal aid for defendants had resulted in a substantial increase in services, although still with large areas of the country underserved.[2]
In the civil realm, it led to the creation of the Legal Services Corporation under the Great Society program of Lyndon B. Johnson. Escobedo v. Illinois, a case which closely foreshadowed Miranda, provided for the presence of counsel during police interrogation.
Factual
[edit]
On March 13, 1963, Ernesto Miranda was arrested by the Phoenix Police Department officers Carroll Cooley and Wilfred Young, based on circumstantial evidence linking him to the kidnapping and rape of an 18-year-old woman 10 days earlier.[3] After two hours of interrogation by police officers, Miranda signed a confession to the rape charge on forms that included the typed statement: "I do hereby swear that I make this statement voluntarily and of my own free will, with no threats, coercion, or promises of immunity, and with full knowledge of my legal rights, understanding any statement I make may be used against me."[4]
However, at no time was Miranda told of his right to counsel. Before being presented with the form on which he was asked to write out the confession that he had already given orally, he was not advised of his right to remain silent, nor was he informed that his statements during the interrogation would be used against him. At trial, when prosecutors offered Miranda's written confession as evidence, his court-appointed lawyer, Alvin Moore, objected that because of these facts, the confession was not truly voluntary and should be excluded. Moore's objection was overruled, and based on this confession and other evidence, Miranda was convicted of rape and kidnapping. He was sentenced to 20–30 years of imprisonment on each charge, with sentences to run concurrently. Moore filed Miranda's appeal to the Arizona Supreme Court, claiming that Miranda's confession was not fully voluntary and should not have been admitted into the court proceedings. The Arizona Supreme Court affirmed the trial court's decision to admit the confession in State v. Miranda, 401 P.2d 721 (Ariz. 1965). In affirmation, the Arizona Supreme Court heavily emphasized the fact that Miranda did not specifically request an attorney.[5]
Attorney John Paul Frank, former law clerk to Justice Hugo Black, represented Miranda in his appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.[6] Gary K. Nelson represented Arizona.
Supreme Court decision
[edit]
On June 13, 1966, the Supreme Court issued a 5–4 decision in Miranda's favor that overturned his conviction and remanded his case back to Arizona for retrial.
Opinion of the Court
[edit]
 Chief Justice Earl Warren, the author of the majority opinion in Miranda
Five justices formed the majority and joined an opinion written by Chief Justice Earl Warren.[7] The Court ruled that because of the coercive nature of the custodial interrogation by police (Warren cited several police training manuals that had not been provided in the arguments), no confession could be admissible under the Fifth Amendment self-incrimination clause and Sixth Amendment right to an attorney unless a suspect has been made aware of his rights and the suspect has then waived them:
The person in custody must, prior to interrogation, be clearly informed that he has the right to remain silent, and that anything he says will be used against him in court; he must be clearly informed that he has the right to consult with a lawyer and to have the lawyer with him during interrogation, and that, if he is indigent, a lawyer will be appointed to represent him.[8]
Thus, Miranda's conviction was overturned. The Court also made clear what must happen if a suspect chooses to exercise their rights:
If the individual indicates in any manner, at any time prior to or during questioning, that he wishes to remain silent, the interrogation must cease ... If the individual states that he wants an attorney, the interrogation must cease until an attorney is present. At that time, the individual must have an opportunity to confer with the attorney and to have him present during any subsequent questioning.
 Justice Brennan's comments on the Miranda decision.
Warren also pointed to the existing procedures of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which required informing a suspect of his right to remain silent and his right to counsel, provided free of charge if the suspect was unable to pay. If the suspect requested counsel, "the interview is terminated." Warren included the FBI's four-page brief in his opinion.[9]
Clark's concurrence in part, dissent in part
[edit]
In a separate concurrence in part, dissent in part, Justice Tom C. Clark argued that the Warren Court went "too far too fast." Instead, Justice Clark would use the "totality of the circumstances" test enunciated by Justice Goldberg in Haynes v. Washington. Under this test, the court would:
consider in each case whether the police officer prior to custodial interrogation added the warning that the suspect might have counsel present at the interrogation and, further, that a court would appoint one at his request if he was too poor to employ counsel. In the absence of warnings, the burden would be on the State to prove that counsel was knowingly and intelligently waived or that in the totality of the circumstances, including the failure to give the necessary warnings, the confession was clearly voluntary.
Harlan's dissent
[edit]
In dissent, Justice John Marshall Harlan II wrote that "nothing in the letter or the spirit of the Constitution or in the precedents squares with the heavy-handed and one-sided action that is so precipitously taken by the Court in the name of fulfilling its constitutional responsibilities." Harlan closed his remarks by quoting former Justice Robert H. Jackson: "This Court is forever adding new stories to the temples of constitutional law, and the temples have a way of collapsing when one story too many is added."
White's dissent
[edit]
Justice Byron White took issue with the court having announced a new constitutional right when it had no "factual and textual bases" in the Constitution or previous opinions of the Court for the rule announced in the opinion. He stated: "The proposition that the privilege against self-incrimination forbids in-custody interrogation without the warnings specified in the majority opinion and without a clear waiver of counsel has no significant support in the history of the privilege or in the language of the Fifth Amendment." White did not believe the right had any basis in English common law.
White further warned of the dire consequences of the majority opinion:
I have no desire whatsoever to share the responsibility for any such impact on the present criminal process. In some unknown number of cases, the Court's rule will return a killer, a rapist or other criminal to the streets and to the environment which produced him, to repeat his crime whenever it pleases him. As a consequence, there will not be a gain, but a loss, in human dignity.
Subsequent developments
[edit]
Retrial
[edit]
Miranda was retried in 1967 after the original case against him was thrown out. This time the prosecution, instead of using the confession, introduced other evidence and called witnesses. One witness was Twila Hoffman, a woman with whom Miranda was living at the time of the offense; she testified that he had told her of committing the crime.[10][11] Miranda was convicted in 1967 and sentenced to serve 20 to 30 years.[11] The Supreme Court of Arizona affirmed,[12] and the United States Supreme Court denied review.[13] Miranda was paroled in 1972. After his release, he returned to his old neighborhood and made a modest living autographing police officers' "Miranda cards" that contained the text of the warning for reading to arrestees. Miranda was stabbed to death during an argument in a bar on January 31, 1976.[14] A suspect was arrested, but due to a lack of evidence against him, he was released.[15]
Another three defendants whose cases had been tied in with Miranda's – an armed robber, a stick-up man, and a bank robber – either made plea bargains to lesser charges or were found guilty again despite the exclusion of their confessions.[16]
Reaction
[edit]
The Miranda decision was widely criticized when it came down, as many felt it was unfair to inform suspected criminals of their rights, as outlined in the decision. Richard Nixon and conservatives denounced Miranda for undermining the efficiency of the police, and argued the ruling would contribute to an increase in crime. Nixon, upon becoming president, promised to appoint judges who would reverse the philosophy that he viewed as "soft on crime." Many supporters of law enforcement were angered by the decision's negative view of police officers.[17]
Miranda warning
[edit]
Main article: Miranda warning
After the Miranda decision, the nation's police departments were required to inform arrested persons or suspects of their rights under the ruling prior to custodial interrogation or their answers would not be admissible in court. Such information is called a Miranda warning. Since it is usually required that the suspects be asked if they understand their rights, courts have also ruled that any subsequent waiver of Miranda rights must be knowing, intelligent, and voluntary.[18]
Many American police departments have pre-printed Miranda waiver forms that a suspect must sign and date (after hearing and reading the warnings again) if an interrogation is to occur.[19][20]
Data from the FBI Uniform Crime Reports show a sharp reduction in the clearance rate of violent and property crimes after Miranda.[21] However, according to other studies from the 1960s and 1970s, "contrary to popular belief, Miranda had little, if any, effect on detectives' ability to solve crimes."[11]
Legal developments
[edit]
The federal Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 purported to overrule Miranda for federal criminal cases and restore the "totality of the circumstances" test that had prevailed previous to Miranda.[22] The validity of this provision of the law, which is still codified at 18 U.S.C. § 3501, was not ruled on for another 30 years because the Justice Department never attempted to rely on it to support the introduction of a confession into evidence at any criminal trial.[citation needed]
Miranda was undermined by several subsequent decisions that seemed to grant exceptions to the Miranda warnings, challenging the ruling's claim to be a necessary corollary of the Fifth Amendment. The exceptions and developments that occurred over the years included:
•	The Court held in Harris v. New York, 401 U.S. 222 (1971), that a confession obtained in violation of the Miranda standards may nonetheless be used for purposes of impeaching the defendant's testimony; that is, if the defendant takes the stand at trial and the prosecution wishes to introduce the defendant's confession as a prior inconsistent statement to attack the defendant's credibility, the Miranda holding will not prohibit this.
•	The Court held in Rhode Island v. Innis, 446 U.S. 291 (1980), that a "spontaneous" statement made by a defendant while in custody, even though the defendant has not been given the Miranda warnings or has invoked the right to counsel and a lawyer is not yet present, is admissible in evidence, as long as the statement was not given in response to police questioning or other conduct by the police likely to produce an incriminating response.
•	The Court held in Berkemer v. McCarty, 468 U.S. 420 (1984), that a person subjected to custodial interrogation is entitled to the benefit of the procedural safeguards enunciated in Miranda, regardless of the nature or severity of the offense of which he is suspected or for which he was arrested.
•	The Court held in New York v. Quarles, 467 U.S. 649 (1984), that there is also a "public safety" exception to the requirement that Miranda warnings be given before questioning; for example, if the defendant is in possession of information regarding the location of an unattended gun or there are other similar exigent circumstances that require protection of the public, the defendant may be questioned without warning and his responses, though incriminating, will be admissible in evidence. In 2009, the California Supreme Court upheld the conviction of Richard Allen Davis, finding that the public-safety exception applied despite the fact that 64 days had passed from the disappearance of the girl later found to be murdered.[23]
•	The Court held in Colorado v. Connelly, 479 U.S. 157 (1986), that the words "knowing, intelligent, and voluntary" mean only that suspects reasonably appear to understand what they are doing and are not being coerced into signing the waiver; the Court ruled that it is irrelevant whether the suspect may actually have been cognitively or mentally impaired at the time.
United States v. Garibay (1998) clarified an important matter regarding the scope of Miranda. Defendant Jose Garibay barely spoke English and clearly showed a lack of understanding; indeed, "the agent admitted that he had to rephrase questions when the defendant appeared confused."[24] Because of the defendant's low I.Q. and poor English-language skills, the U.S. Court of Appeals ruled that it was a "clear error" when the district court found that Garibay had "knowingly and intelligently waived his Miranda rights." The court investigated his waiver and discovered that it was missing all items for which they were looking: he never signed a waiver, he only received his warnings verbally and in English, and no interpreter was provided although they were available. With an opinion that stressed "the requirement that a defendant 'knowingly and intelligently' waive his Miranda rights," the Court reversed Garibay's conviction and remanded his case.[25]
Miranda survived a strong challenge in Dickerson v. United States, 530 U.S. 428 (2000), when the validity of Congress's overruling of Miranda through § 3501 was tested. At issue was whether the Miranda warnings were actually compelled by the Constitution, or were rather merely measures enacted as a matter of judicial policy.[citation needed] In Dickerson, the Court, speaking through Chief Justice Rehnquist, upheld Miranda 7–2 and stated that "the warnings have become part of our national culture". In dissent, Justice Scalia argued that Miranda warnings were not constitutionally required. He cited several cases demonstrating a majority of the then-current court, counting himself, and Justices Kennedy, O'Connor, and Thomas, as well as Rehnquist (who had just delivered a contrary opinion), "[were] on record as believing that a violation of Miranda is not a violation of the Constitution."[citation needed]
Over time, interrogators began to devise techniques to honor the "letter" but not the "spirit" of Miranda.[26] In the case of Missouri v. Seibert, 542 U.S. 600 (2004), the Supreme Court halted one of the more controversial practices. Missouri police had been deliberately withholding Miranda warnings and questioning suspects until they obtained confessions, then providing the warnings, getting waivers, and eliciting confessions again. Justice Souter wrote for the plurality: "Strategists dedicated to draining the substance out of Miranda cannot accomplish by training instructions what Dickerson held Congress could not do by statute."[27]
Berghuis v. Thompkins (2010) was a ruling in which the Supreme Court held that a suspect's "ambiguous or equivocal" statement, or lack of statements, does not mean that police must end an interrogation.[28] At least one scholar has argued that Thompkins effectively gutted Miranda. In The Right to Remain Silent, Charles Weisselberg wrote that "the majority in Thompkins rejected the fundamental underpinnings of Miranda v. Arizona's prophylactic rule and established a new one that fails to protect the rights of suspects" and that
But in Thompkins, neither Michigan nor the Solicitor General were able to cite any decision in which a court found that a suspect had given an implied waiver after lengthy questioning. Thompkins persevered for almost three hours before succumbing to his interrogators. In finding a waiver on these facts, Thompkins gives us an implied waiver doctrine on steroids.[29]
In Vega v. Tekoh (2022), the Supreme Court ruled 6–3 that police officers could not be sued under a particular statutory cause of action for failing to administer the Miranda warning, ruling that not every Miranda violation is a deprivation of a constitutional right.[30] In dissent, three justices held that the court had "repeatedly and emphatically" determined that the Miranda decision established a constitutional right, and would have allowed such lawsuits.[30] According to pundits, the ruling Vega v. Tekoh "makes it easier for police to obtain coerced confessions – by continuing to ask questions even if someone doesn't want to speak" and "guts a major pathway for incentivizing police to provide a Miranda warning and ensuring their accountability."[31]
Effect on law enforcement
[edit]
Miranda's impact on law enforcement remains in dispute. Many legal scholars believe that police have adjusted their practices in response to Miranda and that its mandates have not hampered police investigations.[32] Others argue that the Miranda rule has resulted in a lower rate of conviction,[33] with a possible reduction in the rate of confessions of between four and sixteen percent.[34] Some scholars argue that Miranda warnings have reduced the rate at which the police solve crimes,[35] while others question their methodology and conclusions.[3


میراندا علیه آریزونا، 384 U.S. 436 (1966)، یک تصمیم برجسته دیوان عالی ایالات متحده بود که در آن دیوان حکم داد که مجریان قانون در ایالات متحده باید قبل از بازجویی از افراد، آنها را از حقوق اساسی‌شان آگاه کنند، در غیر این صورت اظهارات فرد نمی‌تواند به عنوان مدرک در محاکمه آنها استفاده شود. به طور خاص، دیوان حکم داد که طبق متمم پنجم قانون اساسی ایالات متحده، دولت نمی‌تواند از اظهارات فرد در پاسخ به بازجویی در حین بازداشت پلیس به عنوان مدرک در محاکمه کیفری آن فرد استفاده کند، مگر اینکه بتواند نشان دهد که فرد از حق مشاوره با وکیل قبل و در حین بازجویی و از حق عدم خود-مقصرپنداری قبل از بازجویی پلیس مطلع بوده است و متهم نه تنها این حقوق را درک کرده، بلکه داوطلبانه قبل از پاسخ به سوالات از آنها صرف نظر کرده است.

میراندا توسط بسیاری به عنوان یک تغییر اساسی در قانون کیفری آمریکا تلقی می‌شد، زیرا متمم پنجم به طور سنتی فقط برای محافظت از آمریکایی‌ها در برابر انواع رسمی اجبار به اعتراف، مانند تهدید به تحقیر دادگاه، درک می‌شد.[1] این امر تأثیر قابل توجهی بر اجرای قانون در ایالات متحده داشته است، به طوری که آنچه به عنوان هشدار میراندا شناخته می‌شود را به بخشی از رویه معمول پلیس تبدیل کرد تا از اطلاع مظنونان از حقوقشان که به عنوان "حقوق میراندا" شناخته می‌شود، اطمینان حاصل شود. مفهوم "هشدارهای میراندا" به سرعت در سراسر سازمان‌های اجرای قانون آمریکا رواج یافت و آنها این عمل را "میراندایزینگ" نامیدند.

طبق حکم دیوان عالی ایالات متحده در پرونده برگویس علیه تامپکینز (۲۰۱۰)، مظنونان جنایی که از حق سکوت و داشتن وکیل آگاه هستند اما تصمیم نمی‌گیرند "به طور واضح" از آنها استفاده کنند، ممکن است هرگونه اظهارات داوطلبانه بعدی را به عنوان چشم‌پوشی ضمنی از حقوق خود تلقی کنند و به عنوان یا به عنوان بخشی از شواهد استفاده کنند.


پیشینه
[ویرایش]


در سال ۱۹۵۱، گزارشی با عنوان "کمک حقوقی در ایالات متحده"، در مجموعه "بررسی حرفه حقوقی"، توسط انجمن وکلای آمریکا منتشر شد. این گزارش، شکاف‌های بزرگی را در دسترسی به خدمات حقوقی در پرونده‌های مدنی و کیفری برای کسانی که توانایی پرداخت هزینه وکیل را ندارند، شناسایی کرد. در اوایل دهه 1960، در پاسخ به این گزارش، تلاش‌های کانون‌های وکلای مختلف برای گسترش کمک‌های حقوقی به متهمان منجر به افزایش قابل توجه خدمات شد، اگرچه هنوز مناطق وسیعی از کشور از این خدمات محروم بودند.[2]

در حوزه مدنی، این امر منجر به ایجاد شرکت خدمات حقوقی تحت برنامه جامعه بزرگ لیندون بی. جانسون شد. پرونده اسکوبدو علیه ایلینوی، پرونده‌ای که از نزدیک پرونده میراندا را پیش بینی می‌کرد، حضور وکیل در بازجویی پلیس را الزامی کرد.

واقعی
[ویرایش]
در 13 مارس 1963، ارنستو میراندا توسط افسران اداره پلیس فینیکس، کارول کولی و ویلفرد یانگ، بر اساس شواهد غیرمستقیمی که او را به آدم‌ربایی و تجاوز به یک زن 18 ساله در 10 روز قبل مرتبط می‌کرد، دستگیر شد.[3] پس از دو ساعت بازجویی توسط مأموران پلیس، میراندا اعتراف به اتهام تجاوز جنسی را در فرم‌هایی امضا کرد که شامل این عبارت تایپ‌شده بود: «بدینوسیله سوگند یاد می‌کنم که این اعتراف را داوطلبانه و با اراده آزاد خود، بدون هیچ تهدید، اجبار یا وعده مصونیت، و با آگاهی کامل از حقوق قانونی خود، با درک اینکه هر گونه اظهاراتی که بیان می‌کنم ممکن است علیه من استفاده شود، بیان می‌کنم.»[4] با این حال، هیچ زمانی به میراندا در مورد حق داشتن وکیل گفته نشد. قبل از اینکه فرمی که از او خواسته شده بود اعتراف شفاهی خود را بنویسد، به او ارائه شود، به او در مورد حق سکوتش اطلاع داده نشد و همچنین به او اطلاع داده نشد که اظهاراتش در طول بازجویی علیه او استفاده خواهد شد. در دادگاه، هنگامی که دادستان‌ها اعتراف کتبی میراندا را به عنوان مدرک ارائه کردند، وکیل منصوب دادگاه، آلوین مور، اعتراض کرد که به دلیل این حقایق، اعتراف واقعاً داوطلبانه نبوده و باید حذف شود. اعتراض مور رد شد و بر اساس این اعتراف و سایر شواهد، میراندا به جرم تجاوز و آدم‌ربایی محکوم شد. او به ازای هر اتهام به 20 تا 30 سال زندان محکوم شد و احکام به طور همزمان اجرا می‌شدند. مور درخواست تجدیدنظر میراندا را به دیوان عالی آریزونا ارائه داد و ادعا کرد که اعتراف میراندا کاملاً داوطلبانه نبوده و نباید در روند دادگاه پذیرفته می‌شد. دیوان عالی آریزونا تصمیم دادگاه بدوی مبنی بر پذیرش اعتراف در پرونده State v. Miranda، 401 P.2d 721 (Ariz. 1965) را تأیید کرد. در تأیید، دیوان عالی آریزونا به شدت بر این واقعیت تأکید کرد که میراندا به طور خاص درخواست وکیل نکرده است.[5]

وکیل جان پاول فرانک، کارمند سابق دادگستری هوگو بلک، نماینده میراندا در درخواست تجدیدنظر او به دیوان عالی ایالات متحده بود.[6] گری کی. نلسون نماینده آریزونا بود.

تصمیم دیوان عالی
[ویرایش]
در 13 ژوئن 1966، دیوان عالی با رأی 5 به 4 به نفع میراندا رأی داد که محکومیت او را لغو کرد و پرونده او را برای محاکمه مجدد به آریزونا بازگرداند. نظر دادگاه
[ویرایش]
رئیس دیوان عالی ارل وارن، نویسنده نظر اکثریت در پرونده میراندا
پنج قاضی اکثریت را تشکیل دادند و به نظری که توسط چ نوشته شده بود، پیوستند.قاضی ارل وارن [7] حکم داد که به دلیل ماهیت قهری بازجویی در بازداشتگاه توسط پلیس (وارن به چندین کتابچه راهنمای آموزش پلیس اشاره کرد که در استدلال‌ها ارائه نشده بودند)، هیچ اعترافی نمی‌تواند تحت بند خود-اتهام‌زدایی متمم پنجم و حق داشتن وکیل در متمم ششم پذیرفته شود، مگر اینکه مظنون از حقوق خود آگاه شده باشد و سپس مظنون از آنها صرف نظر کرده باشد:


به فرد بازداشت‌شده باید قبل از بازجویی، به روشنی اطلاع داده شود که حق سکوت دارد و هر چیزی که بگوید در دادگاه علیه او استفاده خواهد شد؛ باید به روشنی اطلاع داده شود که حق دارد با یک وکیل مشورت کند و وکیل را در طول بازجویی همراه خود داشته باشد و در صورت عدم توانایی، وکیلی برای نمایندگی از او تعیین خواهد شد. [8]

بنابراین، محکومیت میراندا لغو شد. دادگاه همچنین روشن کرد که اگر مظنون تصمیم به اعمال حقوق خود بگیرد، چه اتفاقی باید بیفتد:

اگر فرد به هر نحوی، در هر زمانی قبل یا در حین بازجویی، اعلام کند که مایل به سکوت است، بازجویی باید متوقف شود... اگر فرد اعلام کند که وکیل می‌خواهد، بازجویی باید تا زمان حضور وکیل متوقف شود. در آن زمان، فرد باید فرصتی برای مشورت با وکیل و حضور او در هر بازجویی بعدی داشته باشد.

نظرات قاضی برنان در مورد تصمیم میراندا.

وارن همچنین به رویه‌های موجود دفتر تحقیقات فدرال (FBI) اشاره کرد که مستلزم اطلاع‌رسانی به مظنون در مورد حق سکوت و حق داشتن وکیل بود که در صورت عدم توانایی مظنون در پرداخت هزینه، به صورت رایگان ارائه می‌شد. اگر مظنون درخواست وکیل می‌کرد، "مصاحبه خاتمه می‌یافت." وارن خلاصه چهار صفحه‌ای FBI را در نظر خود گنجاند.[9]

کلارک تا حدی موافق، تا حدی مخالف
[ویرایش]
قاضی تام سی. کلارک در یک موافقت جداگانه، تا حدی مخالف، استدلال کرد که دادگاه وارن "بیش از حد تند رفته است". در عوض، قاضی کلارک از آزمون «کلیت شرایط» که توسط قاضی گلدبرگ در پرونده هاینز علیه واشنگتن مطرح شده بود، استفاده خواهد کرد. تحت این آزمون، دادگاه: در هر پرونده بررسی خواهد کرد که آیا افسر پلیس قبل از بازجویی در بازداشت، هشداری مبنی بر حضور وکیل در بازجویی توسط مظنون اضافه کرده است یا خیر، و علاوه بر این، اگر مظنون برای استخدام وکیل خیلی فقیر باشد، دادگاه به درخواست او وکیلی را تعیین خواهد کرد. در صورت عدم وجود هشدارها، بار اثبات این که وکیل آگاهانه و هوشمندانه از او سلب شده است یا اینکه در کلیت شرایط، از جمله عدم ارائه هشدارهای لازم، اعتراف به وضوح داوطلبانه بوده است، بر عهده ایالت خواهد بود.

مخالفت هارلان
[ویرایش]
در مخالفت، قاضی جان مارشال هارلان دوم نوشت که «هیچ چیز در نص یا روح قانون اساسی یا در رویه‌های قضایی با اقدام خودسرانه و یک‌جانبه‌ای که دادگاه به نام انجام مسئولیت‌های قانون اساسی خود با چنین شتابی انجام می‌دهد، همخوانی ندارد.» هارلان سخنان خود را با نقل قولی از قاضی سابق رابرت اچ. جکسون به پایان رساند: «این دادگاه دائماً داستان‌های جدیدی به معابد قانون اساسی اضافه می‌کند و این معابد وقتی یک داستان زیاد اضافه می‌شود، به سرعت فرو می‌ریزند.»

مخالفت وایت
[ویرایش]
قاضی بایرون وایت با این موضوع که دادگاه حق قانونی جدیدی را اعلام کرده است، در حالی که هیچ «مبانی واقعی و متنی» در قانون اساسی یا نظرات قبلی دادگاه برای قاعده اعلام شده در این نظر ندارد، مخالفت کرد. او اظهار داشت: «این گزاره که امتیاز عدم خوداتهام‌زنی، بازجویی در بازداشت را بدون هشدارهای مشخص شده در نظر اکثریت و بدون چشم‌پوشی واضح از وکیل ممنوع می‌کند، هیچ پشتوانه قابل توجهی در تاریخ این امتیاز یا در زبان متمم پنجم قانون اساسی ندارد.» وایت معتقد نبود که این حق هیچ مبنایی در قانون عرفی انگلیس داشته باشد.

وایت همچنین در مورد عواقب وخیم نظر اکثریت هشدار داد:

من به هیچ وجه تمایلی ندارم که مسئولیت هرگونه تأثیری از این دست بر روند کیفری فعلی را بر عهده بگیرم. در تعداد نامعلومی از پرونده‌ها، حکم دادگاه، قاتل، متجاوز یا سایر مجرمان را به خیابان‌ها و محیطی که او را به وجود آورده است، بازمی‌گرداند تا هر زمان که بخواهد جرم خود را تکرار کند. در نتیجه، نه سودی، بلکه ضرری در کرامت انسانی حاصل خواهد شد.


تحولات بعدی
[ویرایش]

محاکمه مجدد
[ویرایش]
میراندا در سال 1967 پس از رد شدن پرونده اصلی علیه او، دوباره محاکمه شد. این بار دادستانی به جای استفاده از اعتراف، شواهد دیگری را ارائه داد و شاهدان را فراخواند. یکی از شاهدان، تویلا هافمن، زنی بود که میراندا در زمان ارتکاب جرم با او زندگی می‌کرد. او شهادت داد که او به او گفته بود که مرتکب جرم شده است. [10][11] میراندا در سال 1967 محکوم و به 20 تا 30 سال زندان محکوم شد. [11] دیوان عالی آریزونا این حکم را تأیید کرد، [12] و دیوان عالی ایالات متحده درخواست تجدیدنظر را رد کرد. [13] میراندا در سال ۱۹۷۲ به قید وثیقه آزاد شد. پس از آزادی، او به محله قدیمی خود بازگشت و با امضا کردن «کارت‌های میراندا»ی افسران پلیس که حاوی متن ... بود، امرار معاش می‌کرد.هشدار برای خواندن برای دستگیرشدگان. میراندا در جریان مشاجره در یک بار در 31 ژانویه 1976 با ضربات چاقو کشته شد. [14] یک مظنون دستگیر شد، اما به دلیل کمبود شواهد علیه او، آزاد شد. [15]

سه متهم دیگر که پرونده‌هایشان با پرونده میراندا گره خورده بود - یک سارق مسلح، یک مرد تبهکار و یک سارق بانک - یا به اتهامات سبک‌تر اعتراف کردند یا با وجود حذف اعترافاتشان دوباره مجرم شناخته شدند. [16]

واکنش
[ویرایش]

حکم میراندا هنگام اجرا به طور گسترده مورد انتقاد قرار گرفت، زیرا بسیاری احساس می‌کردند که آگاه کردن مجرمان مظنون از حقوقشان، همانطور که در این حکم ذکر شده است، ناعادلانه است. ریچارد نیکسون و محافظه‌کاران، میراندا را به دلیل تضعیف کارایی پلیس محکوم کردند و استدلال کردند که این حکم به افزایش جرم کمک می‌کند. نیکسون، پس از ریاست جمهوری، قول داد قضاتی را منصوب کند که فلسفه‌ای را که او "سهل‌انگاری در برابر جرم" می‌دانست، تغییر دهند. بسیاری از حامیان اجرای قانون از دیدگاه منفی این حکم نسبت به افسران پلیس خشمگین شدند. [17] هشدار میراندا
[ویرایش]
مقاله اصلی: هشدار میراندا
پس از حکم میراندا، ادارات پلیس کشور موظف شدند افراد دستگیر شده یا مظنونین را قبل از بازجویی در بازداشتگاه از حقوقشان طبق این حکم مطلع کنند، در غیر این صورت پاسخ‌های آنها در دادگاه قابل قبول نخواهد بود. چنین اطلاعاتی هشدار میراندا نامیده می‌شود. از آنجایی که معمولاً لازم است از مظنونین پرسیده شود که آیا حقوق خود را درک می‌کنند، دادگاه‌ها همچنین حکم داده‌اند که هرگونه چشم‌پوشی بعدی از حقوق میراندا باید آگاهانه، هوشمندانه و داوطلبانه باشد.[18]
بسیاری از ادارات پلیس آمریکا فرم‌های چشم‌پوشی میراندا را از قبل چاپ کرده‌اند که مظنون باید در صورت انجام بازجویی (پس از شنیدن و خواندن مجدد هشدارها) آنها را امضا و تاریخ‌گذاری کند.[19][20]
داده‌های گزارش‌های جرایم یکنواخت اف‌بی‌آی نشان می‌دهد که پس از میراندا، میزان پاکسازی جرایم خشونت‌آمیز و جرایم علیه اموال به شدت کاهش یافته است.[21] با این حال، طبق مطالعات دیگر از دهه‌های 1960 و 1970، «برخلاف باور عمومی، میراندا تأثیر بسیار کمی بر توانایی کارآگاهان در حل جرایم داشت، اگر اصلاً تأثیری داشت.»[11]

تحولات قانونی
[ویرایش]
قانون فدرال کنترل جرایم و خیابان‌های امن مصوب 1968، ظاهراً حکم میراندا را برای پرونده‌های جنایی فدرال لغو کرده و آزمون «کلیت شرایط» را که قبل از میراندا حاکم بود، احیا کرد.[22] اعتبار این ماده از قانون، که هنوز در 18 U.S.C. § 3501 تدوین شده است، برای 30 سال دیگر مورد بررسی قرار نگرفت، زیرا وزارت دادگستری هرگز سعی نکرد برای حمایت از معرفی اعتراف به عنوان مدرک در هیچ محاکمه جنایی به آن تکیه کند.[نیازمند منبع]
میراندا با چندین تصمیم بعدی که به نظر می‌رسید استثنائاتی برای هشدارهای میراندا قائل می‌شوند، تضعیف شد و ادعای حکم مبنی بر اینکه نتیجه ضروری متمم پنجم قانون اساسی است را به چالش کشید. استثنائات و تحولاتی که در طول سال‌ها رخ داده است عبارتند از:
• دادگاه در پرونده هریس علیه نیویورک، 401 U.S. 222 (1971) حکم داد که اعترافی که با نقض استانداردهای میراندا به دست آمده باشد، با این وجود می‌تواند برای اهداف استیضاح شهادت متهم استفاده شود؛ یعنی اگر متهم در دادگاه حاضر شود و دادستان بخواهد اعتراف متهم را به عنوان یک بیانیه متناقض قبلی برای حمله به اعتبار متهم معرفی کند، حکم میراندا این امر را منع نخواهد کرد.
• دادگاه در پرونده رود آیلند علیه اینیس، 446 U.S. 291 (1980) حکم داد که بیانیه "خودجوش" خوانده شده توسط خوانده در حین بازداشت، حتی اگر به خوانده هشدارهای میراندا داده نشده باشد یا از حق داشتن وکیل استفاده کرده باشد و وکیل هنوز حضور نداشته باشد، به عنوان مدرک قابل قبول است، مادامی که این بیانیه در پاسخ به سوالات پلیس یا سایر رفتارهای پلیس که احتمالاً منجر به پاسخ مجرمانه می‌شود، ارائه نشده باشد. • دادگاه در پرونده برکمر علیه مک‌کارتی، 468 U.S. 420 (1984) رأی داد که فردی که تحت بازجویی بازداشتی قرار گرفته است، صرف نظر از ماهیت یا شدت جرمی که به آن مظنون است یا به خاطر آن دستگیر شده است، حق دارد از ضمانت‌های رویه‌ای مندرج در پرونده میراندا بهره‌مند شود. • دادگاه در پرونده نیویورک علیه کوارلز، 467 U.S. 649 (1984) رأی داد که یک استثنای «امنیت عمومی» نیز در الزام ارائه هشدارهای میراندا قبل از بازجویی وجود دارد. به عنوان مثال، اگر متهم اطلاعاتی در مورد محل اسلحه بدون مراقبت داشته باشد یا شرایط اضطراری مشابه دیگری وجود داشته باشد که نیاز به حفاظت از عموم دارد، متهم می‌تواند بدون هشدار مورد بازجویی قرار گیرد و پاسخ‌های او، اگرچه مجرمانه است، اما به عنوان مدرک قابل قبول خواهد بود. در سال ۲۰۰۹، دیوان عالی کالیفرنیا محکومیت ریچارد آلن دیویس را تأیید کرد و تشخیص داد که استثنای ایمنی عمومی علیرغم گذشت ۶۴ روز از ناپدید شدن دختری که بعداً به قتل رسید، اعمال می‌شود.[23] • دادگاه در پرونده کلرادو علیه کانلی، 479 U.S. 157 (1986) حکم داد که کلمات «آگاه، باهوش و داوطلبانه» فقط به این معنی است که مظنونین به طور معقول به نظر می‌رسند که می‌دانند چه کاری انجام می‌دهند و مجبور به اعتراف نیستند.در مورد چشم‌پوشی؛ دادگاه حکم داد که اینکه آیا مظنون در آن زمان واقعاً از نظر شناختی یا ذهنی دچار اختلال بوده است، اهمیتی ندارد.

پرونده ایالات متحده علیه گاری‌بای (1998) موضوع مهمی را در مورد دامنه میراندا روشن کرد. متهم خوزه گاری‌بای به سختی انگلیسی صحبت می‌کرد و به وضوح عدم درک خود را نشان می‌داد. در واقع، "مامور اعتراف کرد که وقتی متهم گیج به نظر می‌رسید، مجبور بود سوالات را دوباره بیان کند."[24] به دلیل ضریب هوشی پایین متهم و مهارت‌های ضعیف زبان انگلیسی، دادگاه تجدیدنظر ایالات متحده حکم داد که وقتی دادگاه منطقه‌ای تشخیص داد که گاری‌بای "آگاهانه و هوشمندانه از حقوق میراندای خود چشم‌پوشی کرده است، این یک "خطای آشکار" بوده است. دادگاه چشم‌پوشی او را بررسی کرد و متوجه شد که تمام مواردی که به دنبال آن بودند، در آن وجود ندارد: او هرگز چشم‌پوشی را امضا نکرد، او فقط هشدارهای خود را به صورت شفاهی و به زبان انگلیسی دریافت کرد و هیچ مترجمی با وجود در دسترس بودن، در اختیار او قرار نگرفت. با نظری که بر «الزام صرف نظر کردن متهم از حقوق میراندا به صورت آگاهانه و هوشمندانه» تأکید داشت، دادگاه محکومیت گاریبی را لغو و پرونده او را به دادگاه بدوی ارجاع داد.[25] میراندا در پرونده دیکرسون علیه ایالات متحده، 530 U.S. 428 (2000)، زمانی که اعتبار رد میراندا توسط کنگره از طریق ماده 3501 مورد آزمایش قرار گرفت، از یک چالش جدی جان سالم به در برد. موضوع مورد بحث این بود که آیا هشدارهای میراندا واقعاً توسط قانون اساسی الزامی شده‌اند یا صرفاً اقداماتی هستند که به عنوان یک سیاست قضایی وضع شده‌اند.[نیازمند منبع] در پرونده دیکرسون، دادگاه، از طریق رئیس دیوان عالی رنکوئیست، میراندا را با نتیجه 7-2 تأیید کرد و اظهار داشت که «این هشدارها به بخشی از فرهنگ ملی ما تبدیل شده‌اند». در مخالفت، قاضی اسکالیا استدلال کرد که هشدارهای میراندا از نظر قانون اساسی الزامی نیستند. او به چندین پرونده اشاره کرد که نشان می‌داد اکثریت دادگاه وقت، به شمول خودش، و قضات کندی، اوکانر و توماس، و همچنین رنکوئیست (که به تازگی نظر مخالفی داده بود)، «در پرونده ثبت شده بود که معتقدند نقض میراندا نقض قانون اساسی نیست.» [نیازمند منبع]

با گذشت زمان، بازجویان شروع به ابداع تکنیک‌هایی کردند تا به «متن» میراندا احترام بگذارند، اما «روح» آن را رعایت نکنند. [26] در پرونده میسوری علیه سیبرت، 542 U.S. 600 (2004)، دیوان عالی یکی از جنجالی‌ترین رویه‌ها را متوقف کرد. پلیس میسوری عمداً هشدارهای میراندا را به تعویق می‌انداخت و از مظنونان بازجویی می‌کرد تا زمانی که اعتراف بگیرند، سپس هشدارها را ارائه می‌داد، معافیت می‌گرفت و دوباره اعتراف می‌گرفت. قاضی سوتر برای اکثریت نوشت: «استراتژیست‌هایی که خود را وقف تخلیه‌ی جوهره‌ی میراندا کرده‌اند، نمی‌توانند با آموزش دستورالعمل‌هایی که دیکرسون معتقد بود کنگره نمی‌تواند طبق قانون انجام دهد، به آن دست یابند.»[27]
پرونده‌ی برگویس علیه تامپکینز (2010) حکمی بود که در آن دیوان عالی کشور اعلام کرد اظهارات «مبهم یا دوپهلو» یا فقدان اظهارات مظنون به این معنی نیست که پلیس باید بازجویی را پایان دهد.[28] حداقل یک محقق استدلال کرده است که تامپکینز عملاً میراندا را از بین برده است. چارلز وایسلبرگ در کتاب «حق سکوت»، نوشت که «اکثریت در تامپکینز، مبانی اساسی قانون پیشگیرانه‌ی میراندا علیه آریزونا را رد کردند و قانون جدیدی را وضع کردند که از حقوق مظنونان محافظت نمی‌کند» و اینکه... اما در پرونده‌ی تامپکینز، نه میشیگان و نه دادستان کل نتوانستند به هیچ تصمیمی استناد کنند که در آن دادگاه تشخیص داده باشد که مظنون پس از بازجویی طولانی، به طور ضمنی از مسئولیت خود صرف نظر کرده است. تامپکینز تقریباً سه ساعت مقاومت کرد تا اینکه تسلیم بازجویانش شد. تامپکینز با یافتن یک معافیت بر اساس این حقایق، یک دکترین معافیت ضمنی در مورد استروئیدها به ما می‌دهد.[29] در پرونده وگا علیه تکو (2022)، دیوان عالی کشور با رأی 6 به 3 حکم داد که نمی‌توان از افسران پلیس به دلیل عدم اجرای هشدار میراندا تحت یک دلیل قانونی خاص شکایت کرد و حکم داد که هر تخلف میراندا، محرومیت از یک حق اساسی نیست.[30] در مخالفت، سه قاضی اظهار داشتند که دادگاه «بارها و بارها» تشخیص داده است که تصمیم میراندا یک حق اساسی را ایجاد کرده است و چنین دعاوی را مجاز می‌دانست.[30] به گفته کارشناسان، حکم پرونده وگا علیه تکو «با ادامه پرسیدن سوالات حتی اگر کسی نخواهد صحبت کند، گرفتن اعترافات اجباری را برای پلیس آسان‌تر می‌کند» و «راه اصلی را برای تشویق پلیس به ارائه هشدار میراندا و تضمین پاسخگویی آنها هموار می‌کند.»[31]

تأثیر بر اجرای قانون
[ویرایش]
تأثیر میراندا بر اجرای قانون همچنان مورد اختلاف است. بسیاری از محققان حقوقی معتقدند که پلیس رویه‌های خود را در پاسخ به میراندا تنظیم کرده است و دستورات آن مانع تحقیقات پلیس نشده است.[32] برخی دیگر معتقدند که قانون میراندا منجر به کاهش میزان محکومیت شده است،[33] و احتمالاً کاهش میزان اعترافات بین چهار تا شانزده درصد را به همراه داشته است.[34] برخی از محققان معتقدند که هشدارهای میراندا میزان حل جرایم توسط پلیس را کاهش داده است،[35] در حالی که برخی دیگر روش‌شناسی و نتیجه‌گیری‌های آنها را زیر سوال می‌برند.[3]
